So let's see our quotes ever run on the real device.
Now to get started I strongly recommend going to the ionic documentation.
I will also walk you through the process and the next videos.
No worries.
But this is a great place to look up how it works if you're stuck somewhere there under set up.
You have to use full resources.
The most useful is here under deploying it will describe how to get the app to your device for both
Android.
It all the list requirements.
I come back to this in the Android video and iOS and again I will walk you through that in the two videos
which follow this video.
But again it's a great place to look something up and to understand how this works.
The other great resource someone to point your direction to is entered the installation documentation
at the very end.
You'll find links to declarative or documentation for iOS and Android again.
And those guys are really great to dive into the prerequisites and some things which might go wrong
while setting up those prerequisites.
And then also about how to debug your application.
So these are really in-depth documentations on this topic and I definitely recommend going into them
when running your app on your devices or on the simulator which just describe peer to enough of the
talking.
Let's see it in action.
I will start with iOS in the next video.